# ESTIEM
ESTIEM, European Students of Industrial Engineering and Management, is a cooperation organization for European students studying Industrial Engineering and Management. The purpose of ESTIEM is to socialize and make contacts between I-students from all over Europe. This is achieved through, among other things, study visits with the aim of developing knowledge for study and working life, but also to travel, discover other cities and countries and at the same time of course have a lot of fun! Within the organization, events of various kinds are organized, from academic to purely social. "Work hard play hard" is the common denominator during all the different events, which also means that there is usually a party well into the small hours for those who want to.

### Activities
ESTIEM at KTH works in projects and organizes a few major events per year. Examples of these are the case solution competition TIMES (Tournament In Management and Engineering Skills), where the best teams from each university go on to semi-finals and finally a final to select the European champions, and Destination X, a trip where about 50 I-students go to an unknown destination to have fun together. In addition to this, we also organize smaller exchanges with other ESTIEMers, where we for example travel as a group to another city in Europe to hang out with other I-students and have fun!

### Organization
ESTIEM at KTH is made up of a small board and a number of project managers. After recruitment in the fall, each project manager is assigned a project group. In total, the board consists of