# The reception

The reception is one of the chapter's biggest events with over 140 members. The reception is about welcoming the new generation of i-are in the absolute best way, with porter-brown ovvar and schmeck. With two weeks until the start of the semester, we gather on campus and welcome the newly admitted students in the best way we can!

The reception is managed by MSG (The reception steering group), with elected ÖPH at the head, which in December starts planning the project alongside the studies. Towards the spring, the Phöset are recruited who ensure that the n0ll's reception experience is the absolute best possible, and the sights are set on August when the entire campus is colored with ovvars and frock coats from all possible chapters. How long does the reception last? It's the best, it lasts as long as needed! Rumor has it that it lasted a year until Christmas...

For the past two years, reception has been able to be carried out physically, despite the current pandemic situation, and the reception steering group is continuously evaluating how we can give the newly admitted the absolute best reception, in an infection-proof way.

Are you thinking of applying for Industrial Economics or are you even a newly admitted i-are waiting for the Reception to begin? Then you really have something to look forward to! You are on your way to a real adventure and no matter who you are, you will be part of the I chapter - a place with strong community, lots of laughs and the opportunity for great development. Only the imagination sets limits to where your journey will take you, but one thing is certain is that it starts with the Reception! Phöset looks forward to meeting you and promises to do everything to welcome you in the best possible way, no matter who you are or where you come from. You will soon notice that the Reception consists of several secrets and you will get many surprises along the way, so join us and experience a time you will never forget!

Do not hesitate to contact Reception Manager ÖPH Gustaf Svensson at oph@iare.nu if you have any questions. Have a good time and see you soon!